
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.005926                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  5926283000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                 5926283000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  23978                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    50159                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               17178792                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5644212                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   344.98                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                     8271725                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      17303685                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       158080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            158080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0        65664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total          65664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0         2470                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               2470                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0         1026                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              1026                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     26674393                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             26674393                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     11080132                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            11080132                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     37754525                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            37754525                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                       2470                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                      1026                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                     4940                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                    2052                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                158080                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                  64704                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                 158080                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys               65664                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0              626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1              642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2              648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3              652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4              532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5              662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6              590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7              588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5              226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6              260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     1185                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                   5926155000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                 4940                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                2052                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                   1596                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   1601                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                     92                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                    115                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                    107                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                    247                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                    275                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                    159                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                    128                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                    103                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                   103                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                   117                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                   142                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                   116                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                   933                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                   929                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples         1090                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   204.154128                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   137.973823                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   186.788798                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-63            3      0.28%      0.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::64-127          493     45.23%     45.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-191          250     22.94%     68.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::192-255           37      3.39%     71.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-319            8      0.73%     72.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::320-383           12      1.10%     73.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-447            4      0.37%     74.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::448-511           12      1.10%     75.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-575          271     24.86%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total         1090                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples            9                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean    478.222222                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    14.725546                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  1070.697060                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            6     66.67%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1     11.11%     77.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1     11.11%     88.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3200-3327            1     11.11%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total            9                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples            9                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean    224.666667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    53.900287                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev   347.869228                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-31            6     66.67%     66.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::448-463            1     11.11%     77.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::480-495            1     11.11%     88.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::992-1007            1     11.11%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total            9                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                   135882492                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat              234682492                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                  24700000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    27506.58                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               47506.58                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       26.67                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       10.92                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    26.67                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    11.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                      6400.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      2.04                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     38.80                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                    3983                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                   1886                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                80.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               91.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   1695124.43                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   83.94                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                 1940295                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy            1022649.600000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                5755344                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy               1892592                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy            36898680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy            65746299                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        145028944.800000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          258284804.400000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower            43.599280                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4402231000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF    198380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1323469000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       158272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            158272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0        65664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total          65664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0         2473                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total               2473                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0         1026                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              1026                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     26706791                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             26706791                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     11080132                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            11080132                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     37786923                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            37786923                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                       2473                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                      1026                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                     4946                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                    2052                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                158272                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                  65184                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                 158272                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys               65664                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0              624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1              654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2              646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3              648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4              536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5              648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6              592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7              598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5              241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6              260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     1263                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                   5926071000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                 4946                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                2052                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                   1600                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1608                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                     83                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                     90                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                    123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                    227                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                    255                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                    178                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                    133                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                    104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                   112                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                   119                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                   132                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                   122                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                    33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                   191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                   203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                   747                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                   734                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples         1079                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   206.561631                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   140.213262                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   186.818316                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-63            3      0.28%      0.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::64-127          472     43.74%     44.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-191          258     23.91%     67.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::192-255           34      3.15%     71.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-319           14      1.30%     72.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::320-383            9      0.83%     73.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-447            8      0.74%     73.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::448-511            9      0.83%     74.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-575          272     25.21%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total         1079                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples            9                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean    477.555556                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    13.424092                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  1067.980818                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            6     66.67%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1     11.11%     77.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1     11.11%     88.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::3200-3327            1     11.11%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total            9                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples            9                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean    226.333333                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    58.203683                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev   346.597389                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-31            5     55.56%     55.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::32-47            1     11.11%     66.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::448-463            1     11.11%     77.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::464-479            1     11.11%     88.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::992-1007            1     11.11%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total            9                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   137745996                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              236665996                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                  24730000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    27849.98                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               47849.98                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       26.71                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       11.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    26.71                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    11.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                      6400.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      2.04                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     38.80                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                    3998                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                   1900                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                80.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               92.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   1693647.04                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   84.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                 1920660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy            1012300.800000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                5769456                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy               1906632                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy            36898680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        67569418.500000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        143689480.800000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          258766628.100000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower            43.680438                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4361135000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF    198380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1364588000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                2108770                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          2108770                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           275017                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups              852346                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                 768757                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct            90.193067                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 146341                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               187                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.workload.num_syscalls                8273                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.numCycles                        11852567                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           6622581                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      10309574                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    2108770                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            915098                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                      4897005                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 550525                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                2720                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1720                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         4271                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1776801                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               253088                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          11803566                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.758187                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.027339                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                 8414041     71.28%     71.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  263079      2.23%     73.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  117832      1.00%     74.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  147211      1.25%     75.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  224418      1.90%     77.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  406719      3.45%     81.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  261436      2.21%     83.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  438018      3.71%     87.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1530812     12.97%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            11803566                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.177917                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.869818                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 5324773                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              3019429                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  2986023                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               198079                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                275262                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              20611708                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                275262                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 5482875                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 547905                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles        144235                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  3009011                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              2344278                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              20440033                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 7485                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 16141                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents               2238899                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           23052747                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             54775745                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        31925381                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           888527                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             19046012                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 4006735                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              8297                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          8292                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1862376                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1785089                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1797184                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            44589                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            1789                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  18536101                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               8393                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 18875416                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2253                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        1240809                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      1808732                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           102                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     11803566                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.599128                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.969152                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            5349612     45.32%     45.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1780202     15.08%     60.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1462017     12.39%     72.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             988996      8.38%     81.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            1001353      8.48%     89.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             484741      4.11%     93.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             454906      3.85%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             208273      1.76%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              73466      0.62%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       11803566                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 123726     72.37%     72.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     72.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     72.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 8117      4.75%     77.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     77.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     77.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     77.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     77.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     77.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     77.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     77.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     77.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     77.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     77.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     77.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     77.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     77.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     77.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     77.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     77.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     77.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     77.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     77.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     77.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     77.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     77.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     77.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     77.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 32091     18.77%     95.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 7025      4.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           607788      3.22%      3.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             13610461     72.11%     75.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               82950      0.44%     75.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  460      0.00%     75.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             397484      2.11%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             2402412     12.73%     90.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1773861      9.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              18875416                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          1.592517                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     170959                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.009057                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          48611215                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         19276319                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     17595166                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            1116395                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            509042                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       505814                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              17876063                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 562524                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          533238                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       151636                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           20                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           60                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        82237                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           63                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       770585                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                275262                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                 245675                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               273609                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           18544494                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          1732093                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1785089                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1797184                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              8293                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  1832                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               271469                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            60                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1673                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       274586                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              276259                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             18840970                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              2401936                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            34446                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     4175386                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1957643                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1773450                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    1.589611                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      18129243                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     18100980                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 11734849                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 20054346                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      1.527178                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.585152                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        1240798                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           8291                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           275209                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     11415907                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.515752                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.293443                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      6086363     53.31%     53.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1506572     13.20%     66.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1187726     10.40%     76.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       944022      8.27%     85.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       510042      4.47%     89.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       174371      1.53%     91.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       109321      0.96%     92.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       158274      1.39%     93.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       739216      6.48%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     11415907                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             8271725                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              17303685                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       3348400                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      1633453                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         16                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1937584                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    505180                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 16554190                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              140277                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       353087      2.04%      2.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        13122411     75.84%     77.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          82215      0.48%     78.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             452      0.00%     78.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        397120      2.30%     80.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        1633453      9.44%     90.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1714947      9.91%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         17303685                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               739216                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    29221148                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   37476673                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            391                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          49001                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    8271725                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     17303685                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.432901                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.432901                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.697885                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.697885                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                28501592                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               13680833                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   886230                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  447105                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 11206985                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5469187                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                7480356                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized_rate                 nan                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized_rate                 nan                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu3.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu3.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu3.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu3.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu3.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu3.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu3.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu3.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu3.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_penalized_rate                 nan                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu3.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu3.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu3.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu3.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu3.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu3.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu3.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu3.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu3.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu3.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu3.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.datapaths.clk_domain.clock                1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cache_queue_reads                            0                       # Number of reads to the cache_queue
system.cache_queue_writes                           0                       # Number of writes to the cache_queue
system.datapath272.total_loads                      0                       # Total number of dcache loads
system.datapath272.total_stores                     0                       # Total number of dcache stores.
system.datapath272.dma_setup_cycles                 0                       # Total number of cycles spent on setting up DMA transfers.
system.datapath272.tlb.hits                         0                       # TLB hits
system.datapath272.tlb.misses                       0                       # TLB misses
system.datapath272.tlb.reads                        0                       # TLB reads
system.datapath272.tlb.updates                      0                       # TLB updates
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples      4654030                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.712027                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.554503                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      0.775372                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |     2136515     45.91%     45.91% |     2394155     51.44%     97.35% |      123226      2.65%    100.00% |         127      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total       4654030                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             512                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             5119                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples             4654029                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean               3.139972                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.009383                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev              6.509808                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |     4654026    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total               4654029                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples         4650417                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000000                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000000                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.000464                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     4650416    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total           4650417                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples           3612                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        183.352436                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       167.737431                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       148.685931                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |        3609     99.92%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           3      0.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total             3612                      
system.ruby.accel_l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_hits          215                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.accel_l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_misses           11                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.accel_l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_accesses          226                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.accel_l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.accel_l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.accel_l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.accel_l1_cntrl4.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store            1                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.accel_l1_cntrl4.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load          213                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.crossbars.trans_dist::ReadReq         4943                       # Transaction distribution
system.ruby.crossbars.trans_dist::ReadResp         4943                       # Transaction distribution
system.ruby.crossbars.trans_dist::WriteReq         2052                       # Transaction distribution
system.ruby.crossbars.trans_dist::WriteResp         2052                       # Transaction distribution
system.ruby.crossbars.pkt_count_system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memory::system.mem_ctrls0.port         6992                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.ruby.crossbars.pkt_count_system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memory::system.mem_ctrls1.port         6998                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.ruby.crossbars.pkt_count_system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memory::total        13990                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.ruby.crossbars.pkt_count::total          13990                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.ruby.crossbars.pkt_size_system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memory::system.mem_ctrls0.port       223744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.ruby.crossbars.pkt_size_system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memory::system.mem_ctrls1.port       223936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.ruby.crossbars.pkt_size_system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memory::total       447680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.ruby.crossbars.pkt_size::total          447680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.ruby.crossbars.reqLayer0.occupancy      6419797                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.ruby.crossbars.reqLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.ruby.crossbars.reqLayer1.occupancy      6625656                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.ruby.crossbars.reqLayer1.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.ruby.crossbars.respLayer1.occupancy     12268504                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.ruby.crossbars.respLayer1.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.num_data_array_reads         7508                       # number of data array reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.num_data_array_writes         7507                       # number of data array writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           18                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           11                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits      2874142                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses         2923                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      2877065                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      1776060                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses          679                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1776739                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load        78540                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store           36                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store        34481                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load       657959                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            32                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits          191                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses         3421                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses         3612                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.num_data_array_reads          810                       # number of data array reads
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.num_data_array_writes         1573                       # number of data array writes
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.num_tag_array_reads         6292                       # number of tag array reads
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.num_tag_array_writes         2087                       # number of tag array writes
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            17                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             3000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.percent_links_utilized     0.044227                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.msg_count.Request_Control::0         3612                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.msg_count.Request_Control::1         3401                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.msg_count.Response_Data::2         8923                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          191                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          459                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.msg_count.Response_Control::2          468                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         1573                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3266                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         4107                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         4104                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          490                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1         1027                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         7585                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0        28896                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        27208                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       642456                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        13752                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        33048                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         3744                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       113256                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26128                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        32856                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        32832                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         3920                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         8216                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        60680                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.int_node.percent_links_utilized     0.000343                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.int_node.msg_count.Request_Control::0         3613                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.int_node.msg_count.Response_Data::2         3412                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.int_node.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          191                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.int_node.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          479                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.int_node.msg_count.Response_Control::2          468                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.int_node.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         1573                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.int_node.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3266                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.int_node.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          490                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.int_node.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         3672                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.int_node.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0        28904                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.int_node.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       245664                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.int_node.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        13752                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.int_node.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        34488                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.int_node.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         3744                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.int_node.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       113256                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.int_node.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26128                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.int_node.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         3920                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.int_node.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        29376                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control        10626                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data        12335                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data          382                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data          938                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control          936                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data         3146                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control        14743                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Forwarded_Control         2007                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control        11257                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control        85008                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data       888120                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseL2hit_Data        27504                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseLocal_Data        67536                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control         7488                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data       226512                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control       117944                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Forwarded_Control        16056                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control        90056                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.throttle0.link_utilization     0.001821                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::0         3612                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         3412                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          459                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         1573                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1633                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1         1027                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         3672                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0        28896                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       245664                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         3672                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       113256                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        13064                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         8216                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        29376                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.throttle1.link_utilization     0.173355                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1596                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          459                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         2052                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       114912                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        33048                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        16416                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.throttle2.link_utilization     0.000596                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::1         3401                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::2          514                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         4107                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         2052                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.throttle2.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         3913                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        27208                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        37008                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        32856                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        16416                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.throttle2.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        31304                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.throttle3.link_utilization     0.001136                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::2         3401                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          191                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::2            9                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1633                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.throttle3.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          490                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       244872                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        13752                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           72                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        13064                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.int_node.throttle3.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         3920                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.int_node.throttle0.link_utilization     0.001138                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.int_node.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         3400                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.int_node.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          191                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.int_node.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2           10                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.int_node.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2            2                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.int_node.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1633                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.int_node.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          480                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.int_node.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       244800                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.int_node.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        13752                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.int_node.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2          720                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.int_node.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           16                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.int_node.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        13064                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.int_node.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         3840                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.int_node.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.int_node.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.int_node.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.int_node.throttle4.link_utilization     0.000004                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.int_node.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::2            1                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.int_node.throttle4.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2           10                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.int_node.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2            7                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.int_node.throttle4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0           10                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.int_node.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2           72                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.int_node.throttle4.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2          720                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.int_node.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           56                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.int_node.throttle4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0           80                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.int_node.throttle5.link_utilization     0.000915                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.int_node.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::0         3613                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.int_node.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::2           11                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.int_node.throttle5.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          459                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.int_node.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::2          459                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.int_node.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         1573                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.int_node.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1633                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.int_node.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         3672                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.int_node.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0        28904                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.int_node.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          792                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.int_node.throttle5.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        33048                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.int_node.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         3672                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.int_node.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       113256                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.int_node.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        13064                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.int_node.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        29376                      
system.work_item_type0::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type0
system.work_item_type0::mean                  1763000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type0
system.work_item_type0::gmean            1763000.000000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type0
system.work_item_type0::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type0
system.work_item_type0::0-131071                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type0
system.work_item_type0::131072-262143               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type0
system.work_item_type0::262144-393215               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type0
system.work_item_type0::393216-524287               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type0
system.work_item_type0::524288-655359               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type0
system.work_item_type0::655360-786431               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type0
system.work_item_type0::786432-917503               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type0
system.work_item_type0::917504-1.04858e+06            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type0
system.work_item_type0::1.04858e+06-1.17965e+06            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type0
system.work_item_type0::1.17965e+06-1.31072e+06            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type0
system.work_item_type0::1.31072e+06-1.44179e+06            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type0
system.work_item_type0::1.44179e+06-1.57286e+06            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type0
system.work_item_type0::1.57286e+06-1.70394e+06            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type0
system.work_item_type0::1.70394e+06-1.83501e+06            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type0
system.work_item_type0::1.83501e+06-1.96608e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type0
system.work_item_type0::1.96608e+06-2.09715e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type0
system.work_item_type0::2.09715e+06-2.22822e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type0
system.work_item_type0::2.22822e+06-2.3593e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type0
system.work_item_type0::2.3593e+06-2.49037e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type0
system.work_item_type0::2.49037e+06-2.62144e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type0
system.work_item_type0::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type0
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket           639                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          1162058                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean            3.195817                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           3.012668                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev           6.302004                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     1160924     99.90%     99.90% |           1      0.00%     99.90% |          37      0.00%     99.91% |        1052      0.09%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            1162058                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      1160869                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000001                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000001                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.000928                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1160868    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        1160869                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples         1189                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     194.379310                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    184.326261                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev     47.208167                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |          55      4.63%      4.63% |           1      0.08%      4.71% |          37      3.11%      7.82% |        1052     88.48%     96.30% |          19      1.60%     97.90% |          11      0.93%     98.82% |          12      1.01%     99.83% |           2      0.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total          1189                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket           639                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          1714949                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean            3.171047                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.012170                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev           5.597294                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     1713278     99.90%     99.90% |           1      0.00%     99.90% |        1319      0.08%     99.98% |         291      0.02%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |          33      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            1714949                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      1713212                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean               3                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000000                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1713212    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        1713212                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples         1737                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     171.875648                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    163.312410                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev     49.429400                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |          66      3.80%      3.80% |           1      0.06%      3.86% |        1319     75.94%     79.79% |         291     16.75%     96.55% |           9      0.52%     97.06% |          33      1.90%     98.96% |          11      0.63%     99.60% |           7      0.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total          1737                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      1776738                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        3.072537                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.004498                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev       7.385301                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     1776735    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        1776738                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      1776060                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1776060    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      1776060                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples          678                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean   193.087021                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean   152.149736                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev   327.063602                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |         675     99.56%     99.56% |           0      0.00%     99.56% |           0      0.00%     99.56% |           0      0.00%     99.56% |           0      0.00%     99.56% |           0      0.00%     99.56% |           0      0.00%     99.56% |           0      0.00%     99.56% |           0      0.00%     99.56% |           3      0.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total          678                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          268                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      8.358209                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.333736                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    36.944113                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |         262     97.76%     97.76% |           0      0.00%     97.76% |           3      1.12%     98.88% |           1      0.37%     99.25% |           1      0.37%     99.63% |           0      0.00%     99.63% |           1      0.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          268                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          261                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         261    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          261                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples            7                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   208.142857                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean   170.210183                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev   113.672671                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |           1     14.29%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           3     42.86%     57.14% |           1     14.29%     71.43% |           1     14.29%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total            7                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean    31.875000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     5.171697                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    81.670833                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |           7     87.50%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1     12.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples            7                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total            7                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean          234                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean   234.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev          nan                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           8    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           8    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total            8                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX            1678      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS            1723      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock         1722      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock         3730      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data         4943      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack         2052      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ         2055      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE         2052      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_ACK          513      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data             514      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX          1148      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS          1723      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack         2007      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ         1542      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE         1538      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX           530      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ          513      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE          514      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock         1722      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data         1723      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock         1678      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data         1678      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_M.Memory_Data         1542      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Exclusive_Unblock         2052      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Memory_Ack           45      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.OI_D.Data          514      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MD.DMA_ACK          513      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest           2055      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest          2052      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data                  2055      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.DMA_Ack               2052      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.All_Acks              2052      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest         2055      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest         2052      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data          2055      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.DMA_Ack         2052      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.All_Acks         2052      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     1161847     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |         217      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      1162064                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     1776754    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      1776754                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     1715227    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      1715236                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |        1633    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total         1633                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |          18     90.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total           20                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           4     26.67%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |          11     73.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total           15                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA   |         459    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA::total          459                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           2     22.22%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           7     77.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        1819    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         1819                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |        1782     99.39%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |          11      0.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total         1793                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |          60    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total           60                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data |        1573    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data::total         1573                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |        1737     99.54%     99.54% |           0      0.00%     99.54% |           0      0.00%     99.54% |           0      0.00%     99.54% |           8      0.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total         1745                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout |        1782     99.39%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |          11      0.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout::total         1793                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        1186     99.75%     99.75% |           0      0.00%     99.75% |           0      0.00%     99.75% |           0      0.00%     99.75% |           3      0.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         1189                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |         679    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total          679                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        1208     99.34%     99.34% |           0      0.00%     99.34% |           0      0.00%     99.34% |           0      0.00%     99.34% |           8      0.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total         1216                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      278780    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       278780                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     1776060    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      1776060                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |         529    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total          529                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |         334    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total          334                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |       25799     99.25%     99.25% |           0      0.00%     99.25% |           0      0.00%     99.25% |           0      0.00%     99.25% |         196      0.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total        25995                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |          13    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total           13                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |          15    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total           15                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           6     75.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_DMA |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_DMA::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |          12     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |          18     60.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total           30                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout |          44     93.62%     93.62% |           0      0.00%     93.62% |           0      0.00%     93.62% |           0      0.00%     93.62% |           3      6.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout::total           47                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |      853617    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total       853617                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |     1705861    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total      1705861                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |        1284    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total         1284                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |          12    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total           12                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |           3     27.27%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |           8     72.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total           11                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_DMA |         458    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_DMA::total          458                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load |        2447    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load::total         2447                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |        7612     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total         7613                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           3     75.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout |        1738     99.54%     99.54% |           0      0.00%     99.54% |           0      0.00%     99.54% |           0      0.00%     99.54% |           8      0.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout::total         1746                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |           2     22.22%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           7     77.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |        1208     99.34%     99.34% |           0      0.00%     99.34% |           0      0.00%     99.34% |           0      0.00%     99.34% |           8      0.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total         1216                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data |         529    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data::total          529                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks |        1737     99.54%     99.54% |           0      0.00%     99.54% |           0      0.00%     99.54% |           0      0.00%     99.54% |           8      0.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks::total         1745                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |        1819    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total         1819                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |          45     93.75%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           3      6.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total           48                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load   |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Ifetch |          12    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Ifetch::total           12                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Store  |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Store::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack |          60    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack::total           60                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data |         274    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total          274                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Ifetch |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Ifetch::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data |        1299    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total         1299                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS           1868      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX           1745      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX           1299      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS_only          334      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX           514      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA            513      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.All_Acks          1678      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Data              3401      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive           11      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBCLEANDATA          274      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBDIRTYDATA         1299      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock           1879      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock         1793      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.DmaAck             459      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS         1712      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX         1148      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I.L1_GETS           11      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETX          528      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS_only          274      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETS           11      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETX            9      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_PUTX         1299      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.Fwd_GETX           11      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.Fwd_DMA          459      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETS           96      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS_only           60      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS           37      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX           58      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX          503      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_DMA           54      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFGX.Data_Exclusive           11      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IW.L1_WBCLEANDATA          274      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.Unblock           60      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA         1299      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Exclusive_Unblock           20      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Data          1723      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Unblock         1723      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGM.Data          1149      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.Data          529      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.All_Acks         1678      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.Exclusive_Unblock         1678      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock           58      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.Unblock           96      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OO.Exclusive_Unblock           37      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXD.DmaAck          459      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
